NITROCLASH 11v11 AMSTERDAM — GITHUB AND SERVER INSTRUCTIONS


YOUR PART — FIRST GITHUB UPLOAD

1. Download and extract the Amsterdam ZIP.

2. Open this GitHub repository:
   https://github.com/lemonelemone/11v11

3. Keep one permanent folder named exactly:
   nitroclash-11v11-amsterdam

4. If that folder does not exist yet:
   - Click Add file, then Create new file.
   - In the filename box enter:
     nitroclash-11v11-amsterdam/README.md
   - Enter any short text, such as "Amsterdam server".
   - Click Commit changes.

5. Open the new nitroclash-11v11-amsterdam folder on GitHub.

6. Click Add file, then Upload files.

7. Drag in the CONTENTS of the extracted release folder—not the outer
   versioned folder itself. package.json and server.mjs must end up here:

   nitroclash-11v11-amsterdam/package.json
   nitroclash-11v11-amsterdam/server.mjs

   Also upload planck.mjs, the assets folder and the other supplied files.

8. Click Commit changes.


YOUR PART — LATER UPDATES

1. Open the same permanent GitHub folder:
   nitroclash-11v11-amsterdam

2. Click Add file, then Upload files.

3. Upload the contents of the newer release folder and commit the changes.

4. Do not create a new v0.1.xx server folder. Keeping the same permanent
   folder means your friend's server can update automatically.


YOUR FRIEND'S PART — ONE-TIME SERVER SETUP

1. On his hosting service, create a Node.js web service from this repository:
   https://github.com/lemonelemone/11v11

2. Select the main branch and enable Auto Deploy.

3. Enter these settings:

   Root Directory: nitroclash-11v11-amsterdam
   Build Command: npm install
   Start Command: npm start
   Node version: 24

4. Add these environment variables:

   NC11_HOST=0.0.0.0
   NC11_ADMIN_PASSWORD=Chicken999!

5. Deploy once.

6. Check this address:
   https://nitroclashio.duckdns.org/health

   If it displays JSON containing "ok":true, it is working.


AFTER THE ONE-TIME SETUP

Whenever you commit updated files to the permanent GitHub folder, the hosting
service automatically redeploys them. Your friend does not need to change the
root directory, commands, password setting or WebSocket address.

Players automatically connect to:
   wss://nitroclashio.duckdns.org

NOTE: These automatic-deployment steps require a hosting service with a
"Deploy from GitHub" or "Connect repository" option. If his service does not
have that option, tell Codex the name of his hosting provider for exact steps.
